Developer's Log, 2017-07-13

10:21 AM: It's my goal to be an Ultra Productive Developer™,  but some days I miss that by a long mile. Some thinking needs to be done on the subject because I absolutely hate those days. So, without further ado, here is what I'm calling my ***Unqualified General Principles of Productive Software Development***:

*Do not consume information.* Especially in the morning before work. Reading articles, watching TV, podcasts, whatever. All this has the high potential for altering your state of mind and making you, well...  less bored. Being bored and minorly issolated is the perfect enviroment for continuous creative output. Just remember to de-issolate yourself after 5.

*Avoid new technology.* Learning feels productive, but it's not actually. It would seem like you're doing the right thing - keeping up with the latest and greatest. However, remember that you got into this to build new technology, not consume it. Pick one language, one platform, one set of frameworks, and stick to it. Create. There are 10 new things on HackerNews everyday - don't be a sucker.

*Experiment before starting.*

*Delete and rebuild often.* Obviously don't go too crazy, but it doesn't take that long to write code if you already know what you're writing. So deleting and rebuilding is a little garentee that you really have fleshed out the kinks in your thinking. Even if you follow all the best practices it's easy to build yourself into a corner. Stacking the bricks of complexity around yourself until you can't see the sun. Deleting and rebuilding encourages you to really know, on a muscular level, the thing you're building. It forces you to remember what you did awhile ago and to think again about where all this is going.

*Read history.* After work and on the weekends (when it is a good time to do some reading), choose history. Read about your craft and it's giants. Read about other industries, and how things went. Read about people who accomplished big things. That’s where the wisdom is.

*Spit it out.* Get the information out of your head as quickly as possible. The human brain is good at making fuzzy creative connections. Computer are good at high fidelity information management. Use them that way.

You should be constantly taking the fuzzy, half formed thoughts running through your head and slapping them down on the table. Once on the table, you can see them for what they are. You can reorganize them, polish them up, work the clay, chip away at the marble, through more faeces at the canvas. Nobody is looking over your shoulder - and even if they were, don't be embarrassed about brainstorming. You become twice as smart about seeing what needs to be done when your internal thoughts are made external, because now you can literally *see* your thoughts.

It's usually easier than you think. Just start typing, or drawing, or talking.

Don’t waste your time trying to make your brain do computer things. And don’t expect your computer to help you with your emotional needs.








*Build only what you need, and build it yourself.* << Loren Bricher, Apple >>
Avoid third party libraries at all costs. You think you’re doing




Which leads me to my next point…

Human, Basket-Case Of Emotion

Here’s an excerpt from my personal log from a few days ago:

I’ve always had days like this, sometimes strung together. But it’s a bit rarer lately. I’ve changed some behaviors - behaviors I didn’t think were actually that bad until recently.

During times like this I usually would spend the whole time trying to get myself “back in the zone.” It never worked. No fast forward.

The only medicine I know is preventative medicine.


Meditate.
Know at least one or two good people - spend lots of time with them.
Travel.

