Developer's Log, 2017-09-13

11:54 AM: Fresh new Xcode 9 GM seed installed. Let's do this.

11:58 AM: Today's objective: Implement custom selection graphics. Probably just a lighter blue background. I should also probably update the text to be white so it looks better on the dark background.

I think all this is outlined in the WWDC video I was talking about yesterday, but I'm going to try to figure it out with just the docs.

[Commit 13:11]    Override drawSelection(in:) with custom background color

1:12 PM: I have a custom background color working - but I actually think I'd like for it to be a blue border like the hover effect but a slightly lighter blue.

[Commit 13:16]    Change selection effect to exactly like the hover effect
[Commit 13:20]    Add hoverBorder and selectionBorder colors to Color
[Commit 13:23]    Change border colors when user selects the row

1:24 PM: Okay, that's done. Now lets figure out why / remove the a small amount of overhang on the right side of the table view rows.

[Commit 18:07]    Make column slightly smaller to avoid horizontal scrollability

6:15 PM: Okay, now let's try to make the title editable and respond to hover with outline.

7:02 PM: Now we are back to the auto layout constrains issue. If memory serves, my issue was due to the fact that I was trying to add constraints before the frame had been set. This doesn't make complete sense to me because it shouldn't matter what the frame is - a constraint will adjust automatically when that changes.

I'm going to check what the frame looks like by the end of  `init(event:)` of the  `EventView`.

7:06 PM: The frame is completely zero-ed at the ent of the `init(event:)`.

But what I am getting as a "Unable to simultaneously satisfy constraints" message. However, I do not get this message when I create a constraint that makes it attempt to be in the bottom left. So I think something is automatically adding bottom left constraints to by text field.

I am going to investigate what constraints are present before and after I `addSubview(myTextField)`.

7:14 PM: Hm. It says there are zero constraints before and after adding the subview. Only once I create my own constraind does `po constraints` contain anything.
