Developer's Log, 2017-08-19

9:41 AM: I think that the tiles in `Grid.tiles` are not getting the correct span. When I  `po tiles[10].span` and `po tiles[20].span` I get the same dates.

11:53 AM: Okay, time aware selection is working. There are still some kinds to be worked out. I think the firstTileInSelection is not being updated when it needs to be. Also I need to make the tiles clickable areas larger so it's not so hard to select them.

12:01 PM: I should look into how the grid decides it's size and how I handle tile sizing.

12:37 PM: I've added some padding to tileAt(_:). I also need to handle selection of backwards time spans. So here are the tasks to finish basic tile selection:

- [x] Handle selection of backwards time spans
- [ ] Figure out how to assosiate events and tiles to eachother

And tomorrow I will tackle the labels stuff.

12:58 PM: I've thought of another stretch goals for Phase 1. I'd like to be able to select an entire event when only clicking on a single tile. I think I can do this by taking the `associatedEvent` of `tileAt(point)` and looking for all other tiles in `tiles` with matching event. So that leaves Phase 1 looking like:

Phase 1: The Grid | **Goal to finish by 08-21**
- [x] Rework `Grid` and `Tiles` to handle selection of multiple tiles. Spanning left to right, entire rows. Changing selected the tiles color and using selection to create an event
- [x] Handle selection of backwards time spans
- [ ] Figure out how to assosiate events and tiles to eachother **half day**
- [ ] Make static year labels fall longside the correct rows in grid **1-2 days**
- [ ] Highlight and add labels for the row+column which the user is hovering over **1-2 days**
- [ ] Stretch goal: Make some padding on tiles so there is always something selected when hoving mouse over grid **half day**
- [ ] Stretch goal: Be able to select an entire event when only clicking on a single tile. I think I can do this by taking the `associatedEvent` of `tileAt(point)` and looking for all other tiles in `tiles` with matching event. **half day**

It'll be hard to get this all done this weekend but I'll try.
