Developer's Log, 2017-09-18

11:12 AM: Lets get the grid and sidebar to always reflect the current timeline.

[Commit 11:30]    Create reload method stub in WeeksGrid
[Commit 11:33]    Create a private property for the WeeksGrid in WeeksViewController
[Commit 11:34]    Call weeksGrid.reload() in the event events
[Commit 11:37]    Rename Tile to WeekTile

11:40 AM: We have a few players in town. `WeekGrid`, `WeekTile`, `WeeksViewController`, `EventEventsDelegate`, `EventView`, etc.

I want both the `WeekTile` and `EventView` to update when their "associatedEvent" changes.

I could create some kind of notification mechanism. Maybe.

Events have IDs.

Timeline has an `event(for: id)` method.

Target-action? ...

12:04 PM: ... No. NotificationCenter is the way to go on this one I think.

12:11 PM: When and from where should I post a notification?

The `Timeline` model object *could* handle the following:
- Event creation
- Event fetching
- Event detail changes (title, dates, color)
- Post notifications for event changes

And we would do away with the `EventEventsDelegate`. The VC wouldn't even care. It'd initalize the sidebar, grid, and model. Then the sidebar and grid can set observers on the model and handle those event events.

12:18 PM: Or perhaps the VC should have post the notifications. And we keep the EventEventsDelegate, because we want that for sending changes to events from the view to the VC. Then the VC will post a notification so it's views (namely the sidebar and weeks grid) can refresh themselves with the new event.

This hopefully would allow for the `sidebarTableView` and the `weeksGrid` to no-longer require a reference to the Timeline model. The VC should act as the go between.

This feels right I think...

...Yeah, this feels right. This feels tight and fresh. Like the reddish sunshine on a lake with one of those floating slides which children play on but you can hear only silence because, thank goodness, it's far enough out that the what I'm sure would be nerve-tweaking after a certain period of time, excited and joy-filled shouts / hollers of young children cannot travel through the high-wind-velocity airspace between you and the floating jungle gym type structure.

[Commit 12:39]    Remove the weeksGrid.reload() calls
[Commit 12:40]    Remove the reload method from WeeksGrid

2:36 PM: [This is a good Stackoverflow discussion about when to use NotificationCenter](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/10836463/when-to-use-nsnotificationcenter)

[Commit 15:00]    Create a "newEvent" notification in the VC's EventEventsDelegate new(event:) method
[Commit 15:27]    Create an observer which reloads the sidebarTableView when newEvent is created
[Commit 15:34]    Add "New Event" item to the main menu
[Commit 15:36]    Create createNewEvent() stub in WeeksVC
[Commit 15:39]    Set the createNewEvent method as the action for the New Event menu item

3:44 PM: I think I'd like to rework the `Timeline` model a bit. Firstly, I want to restrict setting access to private only. The VC can add new events by calling something like "timeline.addEvent()". Secondly, I want to remove all non-controller referances to the timeline model. That means the sidebar and grid should get their initial state from inits which take a list of events - and are then updated with changes, deletions, and new events via notifications posted by the view controller.
