Developer's Log, 2017-09-12

11:13 AM: In continuation of yesterday's table view talk I'd like to reiterate my current understanding. Then finish the 2011 WWDC video.

Firstly, you have `NSTableView`. You don't usually need to subclass it because you can use the **data source** and **delegate** for most customization and event handling. There are two somewhat distinct ways of using a table view. The first (and it would appear - old fashioned) way is using `NSCell` for, well, the cells.. Apple calls these "cell-based table views" and I've already ruled them out for my use case, so everything henceforth will be about "view-based table views". The funny thing about which is that you can use `NSView`, `NSTableCellView`, `NSTextField`, or any other `NSView` subclass. Although Apple suggests using `NSTableCellView` for reasons that are not yet entirely clear to me but I assume they provide some fancy table view specific methods. For now however I plan on simply subclassing `NSView` for my event displays because that means one less class to learn about. I don't like subclassing things I don't fully understand.

Okay, but getting back re: table views and how you use them; The **data source** provides `numberOfRows`. It also seemed to be super important to cell-based table views, but as far as I can see no other methods are required. Strangely, the documentation says about the `tableView(_:objectValueFor:row:)` method that "this method is mandatory unless your application is using Cocoa bindings for providing data to the table view." Which I say is strange because it obviously is not required. Having it or not having it seems to have no effect on my program. A more thorough discussion can be found on this [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/41708427/purpose-of-tableview-objectvalueforrow) page, but I think this is a simple case of missleading documentation. Or Apple's definition of "mandatory" is not equal to "required". No other methods in `NSTableViewDataSource` seem to be very important to my purposes either. Some stuff for handling drag&drop, copy&paste, and sorting. I'm not doing any of that right now.

Which brings us to the **delegate**. This is a big guy. From the docs, "Using a table view delegate allows you to customize a table view’s behavior without creating a table view subclass. A table view delegate *provides views* for table rows and columns, and supports functionality such as column reordering and resizing and *row selection.*" Emphasis mine.

I think perhaps the best way to talk about what the `NSTableViewDelegate` protocol handles is to talk about what it does not handle. So, that leaves (as far as I know) just `NSTableRowView` and `NSTableCellView`. Because I am trying to avoid subclassing `NSTableCellView` lets just get down to buisness about it's parent in the table view family, `NSTableRowView`.

"`NSTableRowView` is responsible for displaying attributes associated with the row, including the *selection highlight*, and group row look." - the docs, emphasis mine. So I *think* we will be able to do all our custom selection stuff (outlined in yesterday's dev log) by subclassing this guy.

This human [on Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/9463871/change-selection-color-on-view-based-nstableview) says:
    You can subclass NSTableRowView, feed it to the table delegate method - (NSTableRowView *)tableView:(NSTableView *)tableView rowViewForRow:(NSInteger)row;, then customize your selection in the row view class.

    ```
    - (void)drawSelectionInRect:(NSRect)dirtyRect {
        if (self.selectionHighlightStyle != NSTableViewSelectionHighlightStyleNone) {
            NSRect selectionRect = NSInsetRect(self.bounds, 2.5, 2.5);
            [[NSColor colorWithCalibratedWhite:.65 alpha:1.0] setStroke];
            [[NSColor colorWithCalibratedWhite:.82 alpha:1.0] setFill];
            NSBezierPath *selectionPath = [NSBezierPath bezierPathWithRoundedRect:selectionRect xRadius:6 yRadius:6];
            [selectionPath fill];
            [selectionPath stroke];
        }
    }
    ```
    
I checked - the `drawSelectingInRect:` method of `NSTableRowView` (I think) is what by default draws the blue rect behind the cell. This is probably what I should use to customize the selection stuff.

I'd also like to remove the manual area tracking stuff from my `EventView`. So I need an override-able method from `NSTableRowView` or a delegate method of the table view that will let me customize the "on hover" behavior. Or perhaps I'm doing it the way I should be - `NSTrackingArea`s and all.

12:41 PM: Okay, at about minute 29 of the [2011 WWDC video "View Based NSTableView Basic to Advanced"](https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2011/120/) the speaker describes the proper way of handling hovering. I was actually extremely close with the tracking area stuff already in the `EventView`. The only difference being that he puts all of that in a `NSTableRowView` subclass. Which makes sense.

3:25 PM: Action time. I am going to attempt to create my own `NSTableRowView` subclass and move all the "on hover" stuff over there.

[Commit 15:29]    create SidebarTableRowView
[Commit 15:33]    use new SidebarTableRowView for the table view
[Commit 16:03]    move all the area tracking and responder stuff from EventView to SidebarTableRowView
[Commit 16:07]    make sure to call super.draw() for row view
[Commit 16:11]    remove sidebarTableView.selectionHighlightStyle = .none

4:23 PM: Now that the area tracking stuff is moved over I'd like to make a list of all the little things I still need to do re: table view sidebar event selection and editing, et al.

- [ ] Custom selection graphics (see WWDC video mentioned above). Probably just a lighter blue background. I should also probably update the text to be white so it looks better on the dark background. There is an elegant way to do this also shown in the video.
- [ ] Figure out why and remove the a small amount of overhang on the right side of the table view - requiring horizontal scrolling to see the right most edge of the cells.
- [ ] Title which is editable and responds to hover as outlined yesterday.
- [ ] Date and date picker for both start and end dates. Should also respond to hover.
- [ ] Color block which displays the color for the event, handles hover, and brings up color picker when clicked.
- [ ] Menu bar items for editing and deleting currently selected event. Perhaps only do deletion for now.

[Commit 16:40]    Rename SidebarTableRowView to EventsTableRowView.

