Developer's Log, 2017-08-15

11:21 AM: Okay, I've been lazy about writing log entries this last week. I will be more diligent about that. I'm going to start using issues in GitHub more as well.

11:32 AM: I think I will try to upload the app to iTunes Connect (issue #43) today because I've never submitted a Mac app before. There might be some unexpected complications in the code signing / submission process. One thing that should happen before this is some solidification of thought about how to handle version numbering.

Should each feature branch get it's own version number?

No, I don't think so. If necessary we can give it a unique build number. But version numbers should be target, not a representation of current state.

And beyond that, lets keep it simple. `__.__.__` style.

12:35 PM: After jumping through a bunch of hoops getting the bundle id and code signing working I'm blocked because I cannot upload an app with a beta build of Xcode. This will have to be put on hold until Xcode 9 officially hits the shelves.

12:40 PM: I have added the labels and milestones I want to the Issues section of GitHub. This is how I will organize things (not going to use GitHub's new Projects kanban features for now. Too complex.). It's time to start thinking about all the tasks that need to get done to get this app out.

I think I have a very limited but functional data struction and persistancy model. So what's left is creating all the UI.

The three main areas of the UI that come to mind are:
1. Grid of tiles for displaying and editing time spans for events.
2. Sidebar for displaying and editing event details.
3. Popups. Might be tricky because of NSWindow stuff. Idk.
