Developer's Log, 2017-08-23

10:13 AM: Let's recap. Last week the game plan looked like:

Phase 1: The Grid | **Estimated time: 4-7 days**

Phase 2: The Sidebar | **Estimated time: 11-19 days**
- [ ] Get the sidebar container working. Needs to reach top of window, which will mess up current approach to making the window draggable. Solution unknown at this time. **~2d**
- [ ] Create the variable height event stack. **~2d**
- [ ] Build out the event display **~1d**
- [ ] Create a Button class **~0.5d**
- [ ] Create a TextField class **~1d**
- [ ] Create a DateSelection class **~2d**
- [ ] Build out the event editor **~2d**

Phase 3: Hint Popup | **Estimated time: 5.5-9 days**
- [ ] Figure out how to display hint popups **~2d**
- [ ] Build out the HintPopup class. Must disapear after time interval. **~2d**
- [ ] Create a way to trigger hints to display **~0.5d**
- [ ] Create when and what hints should display **~1d**

Phase 4: Polish and submit to App Store | **Estimated time: 8.5-14 days**
- [ ] Final styling. Fonts, colors, sizes, whitespace, etc. **~2d**
- [ ] Create ability to open and save multiple timeline files **~3d**
- [ ] Create an example timeline **~2d**
- [ ] Screenshots and description for App Store **~1d**
- [ ] Submit to App Store **~0.5d**

And I still think that's mostly correct. Phase 1 did end up taking a full 7 days. Now, onto Phase 2: The Sidebar.

The first thing that bothers me is how to do the scrollable sidebar. Of course NSScrollView exists. But I'd like to know if the NSResonder nodes get info about mouse scrolling.
