Developer's Log, 2017-08-17

10:01 AM: Last night and this morning I played around within the [Slider](https://github.com/wvdk/A-Swift-Vocabulary/tree/master/Slider) project on ways I might solidify my approach (using protocols mostly) to build UI using SpriteKit as a backend. While I still think this might happen long term, I've dropped these for now because I haven't reached the point where I feel like I know what I'm doing. So I'll keep tackling things in an adhock way for now.

10:33 AM: My goal is to get phase one done by Monday.

Phase 1: The Grid | **Estimated time: 4-7 days**
- [ ] Rework `Grid` and `Tiles` to handle selection of multiple tiles. Spanning left to right, entire rows. Changing selected the tiles color and using selection to create an event **~2d**
- [ ] Make labels fall longside the correct rows in grid **~2d**
- [ ] Make popover for tiles to display date which that tile represents **~1d**

Which means I need to get the Tiles responding to clicks and drags. I'm thinking I might respond to mouse events from the Grid, and use the known areas of each tile to "select" them. This would involve some kind of tracking area index.

11:13 AM: I'm reworking the `Tile` and `Grid` classes so that their properties can be set, and that will trigger their SpriteKit nodes to automatically reflect those changes.

1:25 PM: Okay, that's done. Now I need to figure out how I want to handle interaction. I guess I'll start by getting Grid recieving responder events from it's node.




