Developer's Log, 2017-09-14

10:19 AM: When I create a new event it causes the title text field to jump back to the bottom. I'm not sure what causes this.

[Commit 11:48]    Set translatesAutoresizingMastIntoConstraints off for the titleTextField, not the EventView. This is what has been causing all the strange behavior.

11:49 PM: Alright, that's fixed. Now let's work on getting the title text field showing the correct title from the event.

[Commit 12:16]    Move titleTextField to a property and set it's string value to event.title in the init(event:)

12:16 PM: Now let's update the timeline model when the text field is edited. I'm sure this will require some delegate conformance.

[Commit 14:07]    Create EventDetailsChangeDelegate and add an eventChangeDelegate property to EventView
[Commit 14:12]    Create owner property for EventsTableViewHandler and use that as the eventChangesDelegate when creating new a EventView in tableView(_:viewFor:row:)
[Commit 14:30]    Remove owner property from EventsTableViewHandler and set eventDisplayView.evenChangedDelegate to self

2:31 PM: Here's the deal - the table view cells (which are `EventView`s) need to be able to update their respective event in the timeline model. I can set a target action for each of the controls in the event view (title text field, date pickers, etc). I believe this is [the way](https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/Cocoa/Conceptual/TableView/PopulatingView-TablesProgrammatically/PopulatingView-TablesProgrammatically.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/10000026i-CH14-SW7) I'm expected to handle changes in table views.

The issue is that I do not know how to update the correct Event in the timeline. Here's an quick outline the architecture:

```
ViewController
    TableView
    TableViewHandler
            RowView
                CellView
                    TextField
```

The TableViewHandler is supposed to be the M and C to the TableView's V. The TableViewHandler has a reference to the timeline.

Question: Can the TableViewHandler figure out which row is currently selected? <br>
Answer: There is a method on `NSTableView` called `row(for:NSView)` which returns the index of the row which contains the view. This could tell us what we want, but it belongs to `NSTableView`, not our TableViewHandler. I think we could easily get around this by giving our handler a reference to the VC's `sidebarTableView`, but I'm going to keep poking around because this doesn't feel super elegant.

Question: Does a NSTableCellView have a reference to it's parent table view? <br>
Answer: No.

3:07 PM: Okay, so, lets talk through this again. Firstly, we have an `EventView`. This `EventView` has a text field that should update the model when it changes. The model is already owned by the following objects: `WeeksViewController`, `EventsTavleViewHandler`, `WeeksGrid`. We can get the text field to sent a target-action to whatever object we want. But what we won't have at that point is knowledge of which `Event` in the `Timeline` we should update.

[Commit 18:23]    Add textField argument  to titleChange(...) in EventDetailsChangeDelegate
[Commit 18:27]    Add tableView property to EventsTableViewHandler so I can use it to get row(for: textField)

